# Release Policy

NAGATO does not currently have a planned release schedule, and releases are made as and when necessary.  
New feature releases will result in minor version updates, and breaking changes will result in major version updates.  

Releasing a new version is done in the following steps:  

1. Create a release branch from `develop`.  
The branch name should be in the following format:  
`release/v<major>.<minor>.<patch>`  
1. Create a release PR on that branch and include the following actions:  
   1. Update libdoc. \*  
   2. Update third-party-notices.txt, third-party-packages.txt. \*  
   3. Set the release PR to merge into the `main` branch.  
2. Verify that the release PR passes tests.  
3. Merge the release PR.  
4. Create a new tag and push it.  
   1. The tag should be in the following format:  
    `v<major>.<minor>.<patch>`  
5. Create a release page.  
   1. Attach the wheel-built package to the release page. \*  
6. Push the new version of the package to PyPI. \*  

\*: This task is performed automatically by GitHub Actions.

# GitHub Pages  

The top page of GitHub Pages should be [/README.md](./README.md).  
Other GitHub Pages content should be stored in [/docs](./docs).  

## Updating Libdoc documents
Documents automatically generated by Libdoc (hereinafter referred to as Libdoc documents) will be updated at the same time as a new version of NAGATO is released.  
All Libdoc documents manually updated between the current version and the next version will be ignored and will be overwritten when a new version of NAGATO is released.  

The version of the libdoc document (i.e. the version of the RF library) must be the same as the version of NAGATO.  
The version is checked in the release PR. If the version has not been updated, the test will fail.  
